# 0-warm_up 1,2,3,4-Explore/Learn 5,6,7,8-Entertain 9,10,11,12-Locate/Acquire
0: "Please use image search engine to learn how to tie a tie and describe it in words."
1: "Imagine you just receive a job offer in Haikou City. You want to know more about this City (e.g. streets, landscapes, buildings). Please describe three pictures which are impressive to you in words after searching."
2: "Imagine you prepare to renovate a new house. You would like to compare different decoration styles (e.g. Chinese style, Simple European style). Please introduce and compare the characteristics of different decoration styles in words after searching."
3: "Imagine you bought a white linen t-shirt yesterday, you want to see which pants and shoes can match it. Please describe the most frequent chosen pants and shoes style in words."
4: "Imagine you saw a beautiful flower on the way to school. The flower has white petal and yellow stamen, you want to find out its name. Please find and say the name of the flower which has the characteristic described above(We already provide a picture about this flower, please check it before searching)."
5: "Imagine you want to browse some posters or photos of your favorite stars."
6: "Imagine you want to search for some humorous pictures to relax yourself."
7: "Imagine you want to browse some posters or pictures of your favorite movies."
8: "Imagine you want to browse some pictures of your favorite cartoons."
9: "Imagine you are a famous designer and you are invited to design a poster for a dancing party which will be held this weekend. Detail requirements including dancing people, wine glasses. Please use PPT to design your poster. (We already provide the background of poster in PPT, please check it before searching.)"
10: "Imagine you want to write a short news report of 2016 US presidential election. Find useful pictures for your report. Please use Word to write your news report. (We already provide the text part in Word, please find the pictures based on the text.)"
11: "Imagine you want to make a PPT about Harry Potter. You need some posters of Harry potter film, please try to coordinate the poster style and PPT background to make it more beautiful. Please use PPT to make your page. (We already give the keywords about the posters, please check it before searching.)"
12: "Please change the desktop background of this computer, the content of background should contain the forest and blue sky. Please try to find a high quality picture with no watermark and change the desktop background to this picture."
